(Cameron) OH, GREAT.
WE GOT THE PRIUS THAT CAN
MAKE DINNER RESERVATIONS,
BUY MOVIE TICKETS,
TELL US THE WEATHER.
I JUST WANT ONE THAT OPENS.
(alert chirps)
MAYBE WE SHOULD HAVE
GOTTEN THAT ONE.
(chirps)
(chuckles)
MITCHELL?
OH--OH, MY GOD,
TEDDY.
CAM, THIS IS TEDDY.
(chuckles)
TEDDY?
TEDDY TEDDY?
DOC--
DOCTOR TEDDY!
TEDDY WAS MITCH'S ONE
SIGNIFICANT BOYFRIEND BEFORE ME.
UH, MITCH HAD RECENTLY
JUST COME OUT.
AND AS HE PUT IT,
IT WAS HARD
TO LOVE SOMEONE ELSE
IF HE COULDN'T
LOVE HIMSELF.
I ACTUALLY SAID
THOSE WORDS?
UGH. IT'S KIND OF HARD
TO LOVE MYSELF RIGHT NOW.
YOU WERE THE ONE WHO SAID,
"I NEED SOME TIME.
I'LL CALL YOU
WHEN I HEAL MORE."
TEN YEARS LATER...
OHH!
I NEVER SAID THAT.
TIME TO HEAL MORE!
THAT'S SO SWEET
AND SENSITIVE.
WHY DID YOU
KILL THAT PART OF YOURSELF?
YOU KNOW,
I'M HOSTING A FUND-RAISER
FOR THE HOSPITAL
THIS WEEKEND
AT THAT ROLLER RINK
ON SOUTH MAIN.
ANY CHANCE
YOU GUYS CAN COME?
YEAH.
ABSOLUTELY, WE'LL BE THERE.
POSSIBLY.
OKAY.
GREAT.
SO 4:00 SATURDAY.
I'M SO GLAD
I BUMPED INTO Y'ALL.
US, TOO.
SAY BYE, LILY!
BYE, LILY.
(laughter)
I TAUGHT HER THAT,
SO...
BYE, LILY.
BYE, TEDDY.
OH, MY GOSH,
HE'S GREAT!
YOU'RE OKAY MAKING PLANS
WITH MY EX-BOYFRIEND?
UM, YES.
IT'S BEEN A HUNDRED YEARS.
PLUS, THIS IS ONE OF THE MANY
BENEFITS OF BEING GAY.
WE CAN BE FRIENDS
WITH OUR EXES
WITHOUT ALL THE PETTY JEALOUSY
STRAIGHT PEOPLE GO THROUGH.
WELL, I GUESS
I AM FRIENDS WITH PEPPER, SO...
I WENT ON ONE DATE WITH PEPPER.
ONE.
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA
STOP BRINGING IT UP?
WHEN YOU STOP
REACTING LIKE THAT.
DADDY LOVES PEPPER.
I TAUGHT HER THAT.
♪
(crickets chirping)
THAT'S PRIVATE.
OH, SORRY.
BUT WHY DO YOU HAVE
ALL OF OUR NAMES DOWN ON A LIST?
IT'S FOR MY SCHOOL ESSAY--
PICK A HERO IN YOUR FAMILY
AND WRITE ABOUT WHY YOU'VE
CHOSEN HIM OR HER.
YOU'RE STILL IN THE RUNNING,
BUT I'M NOT LOVING
THAT YOU'RE DRINKING WINE
WHILE WATCHING MY BROTHER.
WELL, IT WAS FROM AN OPEN BOTTLE
OF WHITE IN YOUR FRIDGE,
SO...
IT'S ABOUT JUDGMENT, CLAIRE.
IT'S NOT THE '70s.
WE KNOW BETTER.
THERE WAS LIPSTICK
ON THE BOTTLE.
THERE ARE MY BABIES!
HOW WAS DINNER?
PERFECT.
I HAD A STEAK,
I HAD SOME ICE CREAM,
GLORIA FOUND
A HAIR IN HER FISH,
AND IT DIDN'T COST US
A PENNY!
IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN
MY OWN HAIR,
BUT JAY WAS SO HAPPY
THAT I DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
(laughs)
WHAT?
HONEY, YOU GOT A SECOND
BEFORE YOU GO?
I WANNA TALK TO YOU
ABOUT SOMETHING.
ALL RIGHT. WHY IS
SHE SMILING AT ME LIKE THAT?
(squeals)
IT'S GOOD NEWS.
OKAY.
YOU REMEMBER BOB
FROM MY OFFICE?
YEAH, UNCLE BOB.
THE ONE WHO DID THE TRICK
WHERE HE PULLED
A QUARTER OUT OF MY EAR.
HE LEARNED
ANOTHER TRICK.
HE PULLED 50 GRAND
OUT OF OUR PENSION FUND.
OH.
I FIRED HIM.
BUT THE WORST PART IS,
I WAS GROOMING HIM
TO TAKE OVER THE COMPANY.
BUT THERE'S AN UPSIDE.
HE WANTS YOU
TO WORK FOR HIM.
I KNOW IT'S JUST
A JOB RIGHT NOW,
BUT YOU KNOW THAT HE HAS THIS
THING GOING ON IN HIS CHEST,
SO YOU
NEVER KNOW
WHERE YOU'RE GOING
TO END UP, CLAIRE.
GLORIA.
GLORIA, IT'S A COLD.
ANYWAY, LOOK.
MM-HMM.
I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN
WANTING TO GET BACK OUT THERE,
AND I ALWAYS KIND OF THOUGHT
THAT IF YOU DID GO BACK TO WORK,
YOU'D COME BACK
TO WORK WITH ME.
I-I WORKED THERE
FOR HALF A SUMMER 20 YEARS AGO.
AND IT--
IT WAS TERRIFIC, HONEY.
LISTEN, OBVIOUSLY,
WE'LL START YOU OUT SLOW.
WE'LL GIVE YOU TIME
TO RE-LEARN ABOUT THE PLACE,
AND THEN MAYBE
MOVE YOU UP.
YOU KNOW,
YOU DO KNOW A GUY.
HE MEANS HIM!
IT'S A WONDERFUL
OPPORTUNITY, DAD, THANKS.
COULD I--COULD I THINK
ABOUT IT, TALK TO PHIL?
OH, SURE,
I'LL CALL YOU TOMORROW.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT.
WHERE'S MY BOY?
GIVE ME MY BOY.
HERE'S YOUR MAN.
HERE'S YOUR LITTLE MAN.
OH, LOVE HIM.
WHAT DID I SAY ABOUT
THESE FLOWERED BLANKETS FOR HIM?
AY.
HUH?
HE'S STARTING TO TAKE
AFTER HUGH HEF-NERD OVER THERE.
VERY AMUSING, JAY.
LET ME JUST GET
YOUR NAME DOWN HERE.
(scribbles and scratches)
(crickets chirping)
ANOTHER BROCHURE
FROM A COMMUNITY COLLEGE.
YOU KNOW, I BET MOM IS
HAVING THEM SEND THESE.
REALLY?
YOU DON'T THINK
THEY'VE TARGETED YOU
AS A MUST-HAVE RECRUIT?
AT LEAST THIS ONE DOESN'T HAVE
THAT FAKEY LUNCHTIME SHOT
OF THE BLACK GUY,
ASIAN GIRL, AND AN INDIAN--
OH, WAIT!
THERE IT IS.
WOW, THAT WHEELCHAIR KID IS
REALLY CRACKING EVERYBODY UP.
(Phil) GIRLS, YOUR MOM'S
ON HER WAY HOME WITH DINNER!
I NEVER GOT THIS.
IF HE SEES IT,
WE'LL HAVE TO TALK ABOUT IT.
WHAT?
WHAT WHAT?
IF GRANDPA CALLS,
I'M NOT HOME.
(door closes)
WHAT HAPPENED?
HE WANTS ME
TO WORK FOR HIM.
LIKE, GROOM ME TO TAKE OVER
OR SOMETHING.
I DON'T KNOW
HOW I'M GONNA SAY NO.
WHY WOULD
YOU SAY NO?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
LOOKING FOR SOMETHING.
WE COULD USE THE MONEY,
TOO,
ESPECIALLY IF HALEY DECIDES
TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL.
OH, IS SHE STILL THROWING OUT
THOSE COLLEGE BROCHURES?
JUST TOSSED ONE NOW.
WHO DOES SHE THINK
EMPTIES THE TRASH?
YOU KNOW
WHAT REALLY SUCKS?
THAT JOB
COULD BE GREAT.
BUT MY DAD IS A TERRIBLE BOSS.
HE IS SO MEAN.
"PRINCESS, COFFEEPOT'S
NOT GONNA WASH ITSELF."
THAT'S WHERE
YOU GOT THAT?
I SAID IT TO YOU
ONE TIME.
WELL, YOU JUST GOTTA TELL HIM
STRAIGHT UP, MAN TO MAN.
WOMAN TO MAN.
YOU'RE VERY SHAPELY.
I KNOW.
I WILL.
IT'S JUST
I HATE IT SO MUCH.
THE--THE FOUR BIG TIMES
THAT I DISAPPOINTED HIM,
IT DEVASTATED ME.
I MEAN, THE FIRST TIME,
I CUT OFF ALL MY HAIR.
I WENT TO COLLEGE
OUT OF STATE.
I CRASHED HIS VINTAGE JAG
INTO A WALL.
THAT'S ONLY THREE.
KIDS, DINNER!
(pop music playing)
OH,
LOVING THIS ALREADY.
IF NO ONE GETS A CONCUSSION,
WE'RE TOTALLY COMING BACK.
SO LISTEN, IF AT ANY POINT
YOU'RE NOT OKAY
WITH SEEING ME AND TEDDY
TOGETHER,
JUST PLEASE LET ME KNOW,
AND WE CAN GO.
OH, WELL, THANK YOU.
AND IF AT ANY POINT
YOU'RE NOT OKAY WITH ME
BEING SO OKAY WITH IT,
YOU LET ME KNOW.
TEDDY!
HEY!
AH, HEY!
AW, LOOK AT YOU!
(gasps)
THIS SHIRT IS FANTASTIC.
YOU'RE ADORABLE.
YOU'RE
ADORABLE!
(singsongy) OH, I THINK
SOMEBODY HAS A CRUSH!
THANK YOU
SO MUCH FOR HAVING US.
I DON'T KNOW WHICH
ONE OF MY GIRLS IS MORE EXCITED.
COME ON,
LET'S GET YOU SOME SKATES.
I WANT TEDDY TO COME.
OH, HONEY, I-I'M SURE
TEDDY HAS OTHER THINGS--
(normal voice) NO, NO!
YOU GUYS GO!
CATCH UP.
I'LL LACE UP.
(laughs) OKAY.
OKAY, READY?
HAVE FUN,
OKAY!
HEY,
UNCLE CAM!
OH, MY GOSH!
HEY!
WHAT'S--WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT--WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
DOING HERE?
TEDDY INVITED US.
YOU GUYS KNOW
TEDDY.
YEAH, TOTALLY.
YEAH, TEDDY'S GREAT.
HEADS UP,
AMATEURS!
IT'S TIME
TO ROCK 'N' ROLL!
DO YOU GET IT?
CAM, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
UM...
OH, HELL, IT'S DAD.
WHOSE DAD?
NOT YOUR DAD.
I HAVE BEEN AVOIDING
HIS CALLS ALL DAY.
QUICK, PHIL, SLINGSHOT ME.
ALL RIGHT.
(reggae limbo music playing)
OH.
LIMBO SKATE, KIDS.
HOW LOW CAN YOU GO?
I'M AT A ROLLER RINK
WITH MY FAMILY
ON A SATURDAY NIGHT.
I WIN.
I HAVE GOT TO GET
A PHOTO OF LILY.
TEDDY'S MAKING
HER GIGGLE SO HARD.
OH, WELL, EVERYBODY
LOVES... TEDDY, SO...
BUT YOU'LL LET ME KNOW
IF YOU'RE NOT OKAY.
MITCHELL, DO YOU KNOW
YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY'S HERE,
INVITED
BY YOUR EX-BOYFRIEND?
PHIL AND CLAIRE,
JAY AND GLORIA,
YOUR COUSIN PETE.
HEY! (laughs)
OK--IT'S A--
IT'S A FUND-RAISER, ALL RIGHT?
I'M SURE HE JUST INVITED
EVERYONE ON HIS CONTACT LIST.
OH, WELL,
THAT MAKES SENSE.
YES,
OF COURSE IT DOES.
(chuckles nervously)
AND... I'M FLATTERED.
WHY ARE YOU FLATTERED?
YOU KNOW.
I DON'T.
(singsongy)
YOU DO!
I REALLY DON'T!
GLORIA, THROW ON THOSE SKATES
AND TAKE A WHIRL WITH ME.
OH,
I TOTALLY WOULD,
BUT I'M TAKING CARE OF LILY
AND SHE DOESN'T WANT TO.
OH.
YES, I DO.
NO, YOU DON'T.
YOU TOLD ME BEFORE.
YOU DON'T REMEMBER?
WHY WOULD I LIE?
GLORIA.
YOU DON'T KNOW
HOW TO ROLLER-SKATE.
(mouth full)
OF COURSE I DO.
I KNOW
HOW TO DO EVERYTHING.
I CAN'T LIE
TO THAT FACE.
IT'S A GOOD THING
THAT WE'RE NOT MARRIED.
WELL, I DON'T...
I CAN'T SKATE.
I AM AN ELEGANT WOMAN.
THAT MEANS
THAT I NEVER DO
THE FEW THINGS THAT
I DON'T REALLY DO THAT GOOD.
BUT I'M A NATURAL
TEACHER.
BUT I'M GOING
TO LOOK STUPID.
GLORIA...
(thud)
TRUST ME.
AS LONG AS YOU'RE
STANDING NEXT TO ME,
YOU WILL
NOT LOOK STUPID.
OH, THANK GOD!
THERE IS
NO PLACE TO SIT.
ALWAYS ROOM AT MY TABLE
FOR MY DARLING NIECES.
UHH...
YOU BEAT US TO IT.
WE WERE GONNA ASK THIS KID
IF WE COULD SHARE.
WELL,
HE WAS JUST LEAVING.
YEAH, YOU CAN TOTALLY
SIT WITH US.
YOU KNOW, I DEBATED EVEN
PUTTING YOU TWO ON HERE.
(scratches twice)
(pop music playing)
WHOA, FANCY.
YEAH, I KNOW.
WELL, I DID USED TO WORK HERE.
W-W-WAIT.
YOU'RE THE CLAIRE
FROM THE BATHROOM?
OH, IS IT STILL HERE?
Y-YEAH...
(laughs)
OH...
OH! HEY!
LOOK AT YOU TWO CATCHING UP
AFTER ALL THESE YEARS.
WELL, IT HASN'T BEEN
THAT LONG.
IT'S BEEN LIKE A MONTH
SINCE YOU CAME BY
WHEN ALEX HAD THE FLU, RIGHT?
OH, NO KIDDING!
WELL, I DO GET
A HOME-COOKED MEAL OUT OF IT.
PLUS
I OWE THESE GUYS.
PHIL HELPED ME
BUY MY LAST TWO HOUSES.
SO GOOD. SUCH GREAT STORIES.
(laughs)
YEAH.
HEY, YOU!
YOU OWE ME
A PHONE CALL!
I KNOW!
I'M GONNA CALL YOU!
HEY! TEDDY'S HERE, HUH?
(chuckles)
HEY, YOU DEADBEAT,
YOU OWE ME 50 BUCKS
FOR THE GOLF.
WELL, MAYBE I'LL SLIP IT TO YOU
DURING YOUR NEXT PROSTATE EXAM.
I'LL BET YOU'RE COUNTING
THE DAYS, YOU PERV.
(laughs)
OH.
SO FUNNY.
YOU AND JAY REALLY SEEM
TO HAVE A THING, DON'T YA?
AND GLORIA--WHAT'S THE NATURE
OF YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH HER?
WELL, ACTUALLY,
WE JUST MET TONIGHT.
YOU KNOW,
I'M NOT SO SURE SHE LIKES ME.
REALLY?
UH, WELL, I MEAN, SHE JUST
TAKES A LITTLE TIME TO WARM UP.
OH, THANKS.
AND THANK YOU,
AGAIN, FOR COMING TONIGHT.
WITH THE MONEY
WE RAISED,
WE'LL BE ABLE TO INOCULATE
OVER 4,000 NEEDY KIDS
AGAINST SOME TRULY
AWFUL DISEASES.
AND HOW WELL
DO YOU KNOW LUKE?
I LOVE THAT MOVIE, TOO!
(giggles)
YEAH, THAT COOL FIGHT SCENE
ON THAT SKYSCRAPER IN SHANGHAI--
IT REALLY MADE ME
WANT TO GO TO JAPAN.
WHY?
SHANGHAI'S IN CHINA.
I'M JUST SAYING,
YOU DON'T WANT TO FLY TO JAPAN,
GET IN A CAB AND SAY,
"TAKE ME TO DOWNTOWN SHANGHAI."
IT'S A PRETTY EXPENSIVE RIDE.
(laughing)
UH, UM, I'M GONNA
GO TO THE BATHROOM.
COME WITH ME.
BE RIGHT BACK,
GUYS.
UH, WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING OUT THERE?
I'M FLIRTING.
(sighs)
THAT'S WHAT
I WAS AFRAID OF.
LOOK, I'M NOT GONNA
PRETEND I'M STUPID
JUST SO A BOY
WILL LIKE ME.
OF COURSE NOT.
BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO PUT
THE POOR GUY TO SHAME.
FLIRTING WITH BOYS IS ABOUT
INCREASING YOUR VALUE,
NOT DECREASING THEIRS.
THAT'S A COMPLICATED
THOUGHT.
WHAT MAGAZINE
TAUGHT YOU THAT?
YOU'RE DOING IT AGAIN!
THE MEAN THING.
CAN YOU EVEN HEAR IT
OR WHAT?!
I HEARD IT.
GOOD.
SO NOW THAT HE KNOWS
THAT YOU'RE SMART,
LET'S WORK
ON BEING NICE.
WANNA DITCH THE HOODIE?
NO.
THAT'S ALL GOOD.
IT'S A PROCESS.
MAN, TOUGH FINDING
A HERO IN THIS FAMILY, HUH?
(slurps)
YOU KNOW, I'VE GOT
PROBLEMS OF MY OWN.
I CAN'T ALWAYS BE THE LOVABLE
SIDEKICK ON "THE MANNY SHOW."
DID YOU EVEN NOTICE
I'M BINGE-EATING?
(chewing loudly)
WHOA.
YOU'RE REALLY
GOING THROUGH SOMETHING.
WANNA TALK ABOUT IT?
(mouth full)
NOT EVEN A LITTLE BIT.
AND DON'T GO HOUNDING ME
LIKE YOU ALWAYS DO.
WELL, THANKS FOR RESTORING
MY FAITH IN THIS FAMILY.
TOO BAD I'M NOT
RELATED TO TEDDY.
HE SEEMS TERRIFIC.
DOESN'T HE, THOUGH?
KNEES BENT.
ARMS LOOSE.
CHIN UP.
BUTT OUT.
AY, NO, PHIL.
THIS IS TOO MUCH.
NO, JUST REMEMBER, "KBALCUBO."
HUH?
K-B-A-L-C-U-B-O.
"KOALA BEARS ALWAYS LOSE
CHERRIES UNDER BIG OVERPASSES."
AY, NO! HOW AM I GONNA
REMEMBER ALL THAT?!
UH, UH... OH!
OH! AAH!
I GOTCHA.
(laughing)
AY. AY.
AY, TEDDY...
TEDDY, YOU'RE AMAZING!
(laughing)
THANK YOU FOR SAVING ME!
LET ME GET IN THERE, BOYS.
EXCUSE ME.
(video game beeping)
(inhales sharply)
BOOM!
(bells and sirens wailing)
OKAY, CLEARLY IT'S TIME
TO TALK.
ALL RIGHT, CAM, CAM,
YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY UPSET.
BUT TRUST ME--THERE ARE
NO LINGERING FEELINGS
BETWEEN ME AND TEDDY.
I DON'T CARE ABOUT
YOU AND TEDDY.
I DON'T LIKE WHAT'S LINGERING
BETWEEN HIM AND YOUR FAMILY.
WHAT?
MITCHELL, LOOK AROUND.
YOUR FAMILY IS CHEATING ON ME
WITH YOUR EX-BOYFRIEND.
CHEATING--OKAY, YES.
TH-THERE IS A BIT MORE CONTACT
BETWEEN THEM
THAN I REALIZED, BUT--
OH. NOW THIS IS
WHERE WE MAKE CAM
THE OVER-SENSITIVE
DRAMA QUEEN.
GOD FORBID WE TAKE ANY ACTION
TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT FOR ME.
WELL, OKAY, OKAY. OKAY,
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO?
WOULD YOU LIKE ME
TO ASK THEM
TO BREAK UP WITH TEDDY?
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE ASKING?
OF COURSE NOT.
I WOULD NEVER ASK THAT.
THAT WOULD BE INSANE.
WELL, GOOD.
IT WOULD BE AS INSANE
FOR ME TO ASK THAT
AS IT WOULD BE SANE
FOR YOU TO OFFER IT.
SO THAT IS
WHAT YOU'RE ASKING.
NO, THAT'S
WHAT I'M NOT ASKING.
BUT IF YOU DECIDE TO DO IT,
I WANT IT TO COME FROM YOU,
NOT ME, BECAUSE I'M CLEARLY
NOT ASKING FOR IT.
OKAY, THIS IS NUTS.
IS IT?
I WORKED MY FINGERS
TO THE BONE
TO GET THESE JUMPY PROTESTANTS
TO LOVE ME,
AND NOW I FIND OUT
THEY'RE HOLDING A TORCH
FOR THE MAN
WHO CAME BEFORE ME?
IT'S NOT NUTS.
IT'S ACTUALLY QUITE PAINFUL.
EXCUSE ME, SIR?
YOU JUST WON A PRIZE
FOR SETTING A RINK RECORD
ON THE BOXING MACHINE.
IF YOU WOULDN'T MIND TAKING
A PICTURE FOR OUR WALL OF FAME?
OH, YEAH, SURE.
ABSOLUTELY.
JUST ONE SECOND.
OKAY.
THAT'S EXCITING.
MITCHELL, I KNOW YOU'LL DO
WHAT'S RIGHT.
UNLESS YOU LIKE
SEEING ME HUMILIATED.
THANK YOU.
(stomping)
EVERYBODY WAS STARING,
PHIL.
WELL, WHAT IF WE PRACTICE
OUTSIDE WHERE NO ONE CAN SEE US?
(hiccups loudly)
AY, AND NOW I HAVE
THE NERVOUS BURPS!
OH...
CLAIRE.
DAD? WH-WHAT ARE YOU
DOING OUT HERE?
APPARENTLY THIS IS THE ONLY WAY
WE'LL GET TO TALK TONIGHT.
ABOUT THIS JOB--
MM-HMM?
HEY, GUYS.
THIS SOUNDS REALLY IMPORTANT,
DAD. HANG ON.
GO AHEAD, MITCHELL.
OKAY, SO LISTEN.
THIS IS COMING FROM ME.
MM-HMM.
NO ONE ELSE. UM...
BUT I NEED YOU
TO DO SOMETHING,
AND I DON'T WANT YOU
TO GIVE ME ANY FLACK.
OH, JEEZ.
THAT'S FLACK.
I-I THINK
IT'S A LITTLE WEIRD
HOW YOU ALL STILL HANG OUT
WITH TEDDY SO MUCH...
(Jay) TOLD YOU.
AND I THINK IT'D BE APPROPRIATE
IF MAYBE YOU ALL,
YOU KNOW,
STOPPED SEEING HIM.
THIS IS COMING FROM CAM,
ISN'T IT?
(clicks tongue)
NO, IT'S NOT.
WAIT A SECOND.
CAM DOESN'T THINK WE CAN LOVE
HIM AND TEDDY AT THE SAME TIME?
AND YOU JUST SOLD CAM OUT
LIKE THAT?
WOW.
(clicks pen)
WAIT. WHAT IS THAT?
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT IT IS.
IT'S SAD.
(man over P.A.) HEY, SKATERS!
NOT AN EMERGENCY,
BUT WE DO HAVE A SMALL FIRE
IN THE SNACK BAR.
WE'D LIKE EVERYONE TO CALMLY
FILE OUTSIDE. THANKS.
OKAY, EVERYONE,
THE EXIT'S OVER HERE.
COME THIS WAY, PLEASE.
HEY, THIS WAY,
TO THE EXIT.
ALL RIGHT.
EVERYBODY OVER HERE.
YOU GUYS, JUST DO THIS FOR ME.
BUT... HE'S ALL THE WAY
OVER THERE.
THERE'S NO HURRY. WE'RE
IN A WOODEN BOX BUILT IN 1970.
LET'S GO!
OH--ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO.
OKAY, THANK YOU.
THAT'S VERY NICE.
OKAY.
SWEET OF YOU.
HEY, SKATERS, GOOD NEWS!
FIRE'S OUT! (chuckles)
SORRY FOR THE SCARE.
ALL RIGHT--ALL RIGHT,
BEFORE YOU GET UPSET,
THIS WAS JUST ABOUT
CONVENIENCE.
WAS IT?
MM-HMM.
OR WAS IT A PERFECT METAPHOR?
CONGRATULATIONS, MITCHELL.
THIS IS AS SAD AS I'VE
EVER BEEN IN ROLLER SKATES.
(thud)
OKAY, BE CAREFUL.
I DON'T WANT TO GET HURT,
OKAY?
NO ONE'S GONNA GET HURT.
HOLD ON!
AAH! THAT HURTS!
(grunting)
OKAY, IF WE COULD JUST--
AAH!
SON OF A MITCHELL!
DO NOT WORRY ONE BIT.
YOU ARE GETTIN' IT!
LET'S GET AWAY
FROM THE CARS, HUH?
DISGUSTING.
CLAIRE PRITCHETT?
JEFF?
NO WAY!
I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU
SINCE YOU WORKED HERE.
OH, WOW! YOU...
YOU STILL DO.
YEAH, DO WHAT YOU LOVE,
YOU NEVER WORK A DAY
IN YOUR LIFE, RIGHT?
THIS IS PERFECT.
SOME CIVILIAN JUST YAKKED
IN THE RINK.
CAN YOU TAKE OVER
FOR A MINUTE?
UM... NO. (laughs)
AH, IT'S KIND OF WHERE
I MAKE MOST OF MY MONEY.
YOU KNOW, I HATE
TO SHUT IT DOWN.
MM.
AH, I GOT A GIRL PREGNANT.
IT'S A WHOLE THING.
ALL RIGHT, I'LL DO IT
FOR A MINUTE, SURE.
GREAT, THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
OKAY.
OH, HEY...
YEAH?
I STILL THINK ABOUT
THAT KISS.
(laughs)
OH...
OH, GOD.
BLEH! GROSS.
MOM, I THREW UP.
OH, HONEY, THAT WAS YOU?
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY.
LET ME GET YOU SOMETHING
FOR YOUR TUMMY.
(clattering)
I'M JUST SO STRESSED OUT.
YOU KNOW THAT HERO ESSAY
I HAVE TO WRITE?
MM-HMM?
WELL, DAD KIND OF ASSUMED
I WROTE IT ABOUT HIM...
MM-HMM.
BUT I DIDN'T.
AND NOW HE WANTS TO READ IT,
AND I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT YOUR FATHER.
I AM SURE HE'LL UNDERSTAND.
CLAIRE, I NEED SOME ICE
FOR CAMERON.
AND WE HAVE TO TALK
ABOUT THE JOB.
UNLESS YOU'VE TAKEN BACK
THIS ONE.
DAD, I'M WITH A CUSTOMER
RIGHT NOW.
I'LL BE WITH YOU
IN JUST A MOMENT.
(sighs)
HONEY, I'LL TALK
TO YOUR DAD.
YOU DON'T THINK HE'LL BE
UPSET I WROTE IT ABOUT YOU?
YOU WROTE IT ABOUT ME?
MOM, YOU KNOW ME
AND HOMEWORK.
I DIDN'T GIVE IT MUCH THOUGHT.
WHAT'S A HERO?
SOMEONE WHO'S NOT AFRAID
OF ANYTHING,
AND WHO'S STRONG--
THAT'S YOU.
BUT DAD'S SO GREAT, TOO.
(groans) HERE IT COMES.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
YOU JUST SIT DOWN.
SIT DOWN, SWEET PEA.
(groaning)
HAVE YOUR DRINK.
YOU'RE GONNA BE FINE.
(breathes deeply) OKAY.
HERE GOES. UM...
SO, DAD, THE LAST TIME
WE WORKED TOGETHER,
IT WAS TENSE BETWEEN US.
WHAT?
NO, IT WASN'T.
YES, IT WAS.
YOU WERE--YOU'RE REALLY
HARD ON ME,
AND YOU TALK DOWN TO ME.
(clattering)
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
RIGHT.
AND WHEN I CONFRONTED YOU
LIKE I AM DOING NOW,
YOU WERE INSENSITIVE,
LIKE YOU ARE BEING NOW.
AND WHILE I REALLY APPRECIATE
THE OPPORTUNITY
AND I DO LOVE YOU VERY MUCH,
I DON'T THINK
THAT WORKING TOGETHER
IS A VERY GOOD IDEA.
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
MM-HMM.
I'M NOT GONNA LIE.
I'M VERY DISAPPOINTED.
(clicks tongue)
(exhales)
(clinking)
(Haley and Alex) YEAH!
WE WON!
MAN, THAT SUCKS!
YEAH, TOTALLY UN-MASCULATING.
WELL, AT LEAST YOU GUYS
LOOK COOL WHEN YOU PLAY.
LET'S PLAY AGAIN.
THIS NEVER HAPPENED.
ACTUALLY, WE NEED TO GO HANG OUT
WITH OUR FAMILY FOR A WHILE.
REALLY? NOW?
YEAH, BUT WE'LL BE AROUND.
WE'LL SEE YOU GUYS.
WHAT HAPPENED?
DID I MESS UP?
NO, YOU DID GREAT.
SO HE DIDN'T LIKE ME?
NO, HE TOTALLY LIKED YOU.
THEN WHY'D WE WALK AWAY?
THIS WAS NEVER
ABOUT HIM.
THIS WAS ABOUT GETTING YOU
SOME CONFIDENCE.
GUYS WILL PICK UP ON THAT.
BETTER GUYS.
GUYS WHO CAN LOSE TO A GIRL
WITHOUT FEELING E-MASCULATED.
OKAY, TRY NOT TO THROW THIS
IN MY FACE ONE DAY,
BUT SOMETIMES YOU'RE
ACTUALLY REALLY SMART.
LIKE, SMART SMART.
I HOPE YOU KNOW THAT.
WOW.
THANKS.
AND I'M TOTALLY THROWING THAT
IN YOUR FACE ONE DAY.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
OH, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
EVERYTHING GO OKAY?
NO. ACTUALLY, I WAS
TRAPPED BACK HERE,
MY DAD AND I GOT
IN A WHOLE THING.
NOW HE'S MAD AT ME.
WHOA, WHERE'D YOU FIND THAT?
I KNOW WHERE YOU
KEEP THE BEER, JEFF.
I HATE THIS FEELING!
I SWEAR, IT STARTED
WHEN I WAS 12 YEARS OLD
AND I GOT A "C"
IN SOCIAL STUDIES.
THE WAY MY DAD LOOKED AT ME,
YOU WOULD HAVE THOUGHT
I'D WORN A TUBE TOP
IN CHURCH.
HE KNEW IT CRUSHED ME.
HE DIDN'T CARE.
THAT'S WHY I CAN'T WORK
FOR HIM.
HE WAS HARD ON ME THEN.
HE'S GONNA BE HARD ON ME NOW.
I'M TELLING YOU,
PEOPLE DON'T CHANGE.
I'VE CHANGED.
I DON'T WANNA PUT UP
WITH THIS STUFF.
I AM A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT
PERSON THAN I WAS 20 YEARS AGO.
ALL RIGHT, KIDS,
THAT'S GONNA BE $18.50.
OUT OF $20?
THERE'S YOUR $1.50...
I THOUGHT SO.
(exhales)
WELL, I MEAN,
DO YOU FEEL GOOD THAT YOU
WERE AT LEAST HONEST WITH HIM?
NO. AND... SUPER NO.
BECAUSE I'M THE ONE WHO'S
LEFT WITH THIS AWFUL FEELING
EVERY TIME I DISAPPOINT HIM.
IT'S NOT FAIR.
'CAUSE I'M NOT
THE BAD GUY HERE.
HE NEEDS TO KNOW THAT.
(groans) HOW'S THAT?
(groans)
THAT BETTER?
YEAH, MUCH BETTER. THA--
THANK YOU, TEDDY.
YOU'RE FIXED.
SKATE WITH ME.
I THINK IT'S A LITTLE SOON,
SWEETIE.
NO. TEDDY.
BUT--OH, SURE THING, KIDDO.
HEY, LOTS OF ICE,
NO CARTWHEELS FOR THREE DAYS.
(chuckles) YEAH.
READY? COME ON.
GOOD GUY.
WHO--TEDDY?
YEAH, HE'S THE BEST.
NUTS HE CAN'T FIND
ANYBODY, HUH?
GOTTA BE SOMETHING
A LITTLE OFF THERE.
HE DEFINITELY DID NOT
BRING OUT THE BEST IN MITCHELL,
I CAN TELL YOU THAT
RIGHT NOW.
OH, REALLY?
WELL, YOU KNOW,
NOT THAT IT MATTERS...
BUT IN WHAT WAY EXACTLY?
HONESTLY?
WHEN THEY WERE TOGETHER,
MITCHELL COULD BE
A BIT OF A PILL.
OH.
NOW, I LIKE TEDDY,
BUT WHEN THEY BROKE UP,
I WAS ACTUALLY KINDA GLAD.
OF COURSE,
MITCHELL THOUGHT THAT I WAS
UNCOMFORTABLE
BECAUSE OF THE GAY THING,
AND MAYBE I WAS, BUT...
I REALLY JUST WANT HIM
TO BE HAPPY.
LIKE HE IS NOW.
AND WHEN YOU TWO STARTED UP,
EVERYONE THOUGHT,
"WELL, THERE IT IS."
OKAY, KIDS.
COUPLES SKATE.
GRAB SOMEONE YOU LOVE
AND GET OUT THERE.
(voice breaking)
JAY, YOU CAN BE SO...
I'M NOT SKATING
WITH YOU, CAM.
YEAH.
WHAT ABOUT ME, DAD?
YOU WANNA SKATE WITH ME?
(ballad playing)
(Manny) WHAT QUALIFIES
SOMEONE AS A HERO?
OBVIOUSLY, A HERO HAS TO BE
SOMEONE WE RESPECT.
A PERSON WE LOOK UP TO.
A PERSON WHO IS GENEROUS
OF SPIRIT.
HEY!
HEY! (laughing)
HI! HI!
WHO'S WILLING
TO GROW AND LEARN.
SO... DAD,
IF THAT OFFER
STILL STANDS...
REALLY? WHAT CHANGED?
A COUPLE OF THINGS.
MAYBE IT'S THE PERSON
YOU LOVE MOST IN THE WORLD
OR THE GUY WHO MAKES
THE MOST OUT OF LIFE,
NO MATTER
WHAT ANYONE THINKS.
NO! IT'S COOL!
NO, EVERYBODY'S LAUGHING AT ME!
KEEP ROLLING!
THIS IS YOUR CHANCE!
AY, NO! NO!
YEAH!
(laughing)
(Claire) PHIL!
I KNOW!
FOR ME THOUGH...
GO, DAD!
THE HERO IN MY FAMILY
IS MY FAMILY,
BECAUSE OF WHO WE ARE TOGETHER.
♪
C-MINUS.
"THIS WAS NOT THE ASSIGNMENT."
I'LL TELL YOU WHO IS NOT
MY HERO.
MRS. RITA McNABB.
YEAH!
(cheering)
OH, THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
WHAT IS EVERYBODY
LOOKING AT?
OH, I GUESS I CAN TELL
THE STORY ONE MORE TIME.
SURE, YEAH. WELL, I WAS
MAD ABOUT SOMETHING.
I DON'T EVEN REMEMBER WHAT.
I TURNED.
NOW, AT THIS POINT,
I'M MORE ANIMAL
THAN I AM MAN.
STRIKE THE PUNCHING MACHINE,
AND APPARENTLY I BROKE
SOME SORT OF WORLD RECORD.
I GUESS THE THING
THAT I'LL NEVER FORGET
IS THE SOUND THAT IT MADE.
IT WAS, LIKE, BELLS
AND WHISTLES AND SIRENS.
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO DESCRIBE.
(punch lands, bells and
sires wailing) OH, NO!
THAT WAS LITERALLY THE FIRST
PUNCH I'VE EVER THROWN!
(laughs)
(bells and sirens stop)
YOU ARE NEVER
TO SEE HIM AGAIN.
YES, I KNOW.